README.md, before:

# MCLogalyzer #

This is a small Python script to analyze your Minecraft server log file and to
generate some nice statistics as HTML-File.

MCLogalyzer is free software and available under the GPL license.

## Installation ##

To run MCLogalyzer you need jinja2 as template engine. You can install it with
pip:

```
pip install jinja2
```

Then you can install MCLogalyzer with the `setup.py` script:

```
python setup.py install 
```

Now you can run it with `mclogalyzer`.

Alternatively you can directly run the script `mclogalyzer/mclogalyzer.py`.

## How to use the script ##

You have to pass the path to the Minecraft server log directory and the path to an
output HTML-File to the script:

```
mclogalyzer server/logs stats.html
```

Per default the script searches for a template (to generate the output file) in
the directory of the `mclogalyzer.py` script. You can also use your own
template file by specifying the option `-t template.html` or
`--template=template.html`.

You can also skip a part of the log file by specifying a time where the script
should start analyzing. To do this use the `--since` parameter. You have to
specify the time in the format `year-month-day hour:minute:second`, for example
`--since="2013-05-16 00:00:00"`.

You can use the whitelist as a guide using `--w whitelist.json`. If so, users
not included in the whitelist will be removed from final results, and users not
present in log file but present in whitelist will be added to the output.

Commit message:

update readme.md with month, week

README.md, after:

# MCLogalyzer #

This is a small Python script to analyze your Minecraft server log file and to
generate some nice statistics as HTML-File.

MCLogalyzer is free software and available under the GPL license.

## Installation ##

To run MCLogalyzer you need jinja2 as template engine. You can install it with
pip:

```
pip install jinja2
```

Then you can install MCLogalyzer with the `setup.py` script:

```
python setup.py install 
```

Now you can run it with `mclogalyzer`.

Alternatively you can directly run the script `mclogalyzer/mclogalyzer.py`.

## How to use the script ##

You have to pass the path to the Minecraft server log directory and the path to an
output HTML-File to the script:

```
mclogalyzer server/logs stats.html
```

Per default the script searches for a template (to generate the output file) in
the directory of the `mclogalyzer.py` script. You can also use your own
template file by specifying the option `-t template.html` or
`--template=template.html`.

You can also skip a part of the log file by specifying a time where the script
should start analyzing. To do this use the `--since` parameter. You have to
specify the time in the format `year-month-day hour:minute:second`, for example
`--since="2013-05-16 00:00:00"`. Or, you can simply use `--month` or `--week` 
to generate the report of last month or last week.

You can use the whitelist as a guide using `--w whitelist.json`. If so, users
not included in the whitelist will be removed from final results, and users not
present in log file but present in whitelist will be added to the output.
